Let's keep going from the situation
objections into the trust objections.
This is where sellers are asking whether they
can believe you, whether the people around
them agree, and whether the problem in the
house is too big.
When someone asks, are you going to flip
this for a profit?
They're really asking whether they're
getting taken advantage of.
Be honest. Yes, we're a business.
We buy properties, improve them, and resell
them.
That's how we're able to offer a fast cash
sale with no repairs and no commissions on
their end. Don't apologize for the business
model.
Just frame it honestly.
Both sides get something they want.
Scam concerns come up a lot, especially with
sellers who have been burned before.
If someone says, I've been scammed, or is
this even legitimate, do not get defensive.
Say you're sorry they went through that.
Explain that everything goes through a
licensed title company.
There's attorney review available.
We never ask for money up front.
They never pay us anything and offer to
share company information so they can verify
everything before moving forward.
When a seller says their attorney told them
not to sign anything, welcome that.
Never fight the attorney.
Say, that's great advice, and I'd encourage
you to have your attorney review everything.
We work with attorneys regularly.
If they have questions about our process or
the contract, we're happy to connect with
them directly. Making the attorney your ally
instead of your opponent is one of the
smartest things you can do.
Family dynamics show up constantly.
I want to sell, but my brother doesn't
agree.
Or, my co-owner doesn't want to do this.
These are tricky because you're dealing with
multiple people who have different priorities.
Ask what the other person's main concern is.
A lot of times, once they understand the full
picture, the costs of continuing to hold
the property, the market conditions, what
their actual options are, they come around,
offer to talk to the other party directly.
Sometimes hearing it from an outside person
helps more than hearing it from family.
Property issues. Sellers worry about
disclosing problems.
Code violations. Asbestos.
Mold. Foundation issues.
All the stuff in the house they've been
ignoring.
For all of these, the answer is the same.
We buy properties in any condition.
That's literally what we do.
Whatever the issue is, it doesn't change our
interest.
We just factor it into the evaluation.
For personal belongings, tell them they can
take whatever they want.
Anything they leave behind, we handle.
A lot of sellers, especially elderly ones
and people dealing with inherited properties,
find huge relief in hearing that they don't
have to clean the whole place out
themselves.
The pattern across every one of these is the
same framework you already know.
Listen to the concern fully.
Acknowledge it so they know you heard them.
Ask questions to get to the real issue
underneath.
And redirect toward a solution or a next
step.
The specific words change depending on the
situation.
The framework doesn't.
One thing worth saying about these advanced
situations.
They often carry heavy emotional weight.
Grief. Embarrassment. Fear.
Family conflict.
The people who handle them best on the phone
aren't the ones with the smoothest
rebuttals. They're the ones who genuinely
care about the person on the other end of the
line. You can't fake that.
Sellers can tell.
Your roleplay for this section is a cold
outreach to someone in pre-foreclosure who
thinks you're running a scam.
It's as real as it gets.
Once you've run it, one more stop in this
section.
The questions sellers ask that aren't objections
at all and how to answer them without
flinching.